Chair, I would like to remind you that you are here as a welcome guest to this committee.
And you enter the room with the understanding that you will comply with the committee rule,
which is that all members of the audience are refrained from any manifestation of approval
or disapproval in any audible manner at any time.
The officers and charge of the committee room have standing orders to politely escort
from the room immediately.
Anyone who violates the terms of which you became a guest of the committee, I shall,
develop these long procedures.
Chair announced at the conclusion of the morning session that Senator Potter had his own
request for us to be the next witness.
He has been sworn and the chair will listen to him.
Chair would like to suggest that if we are not interrupted before 3.30 by a quorum for
all our roll calls, that if some members of the committee are counsel, will remind me at
that time and will stand up for a seven-dending stretch and take a five-minute recess.
I would like to thank the head of the committee for the invitation to introduce the president
of the committee.
Mr. Chairman, the morning session, Senator Durston and Senator Monk, related to the committee,
we are conversations with Mr. Adams concerning the question of whether members of the Army's
loyalty board to the committee.
I ask the chairman to put on the roll to relate to the committee.
My knowledge is that I was not contacted from Mr. Adams, whether I was contacted by Mr.
Louis Beres.
Get ready to counsel for the arms.
Mr. Beres happens to be a close personal friend of mine in outstanding attorneys and a man
who will be assumed as duties as deputy counsel in January of this year.
Mr. Beres contacted me.
I believe it was the evening of January 22nd.
At least it was the same day I'd be that Mr. Adams contacted Senator Durston.
I can't recall whether it was in my home or his home or what I do recall it was a social
evening rather than a formal appointment that Mr. Beres had with me.
He informed me that he had been instructed by the council, Mr. Adams, to contact me relating
to the possibility of having the committee postponed the competing of the members of the Army
loyalty board.
I will recall telling Mr. Beres that my experience on various investigating committees for Congress
that I felt that the challenging of the Congress to issue subpoena, you call what you say,
is quite absolute.
That I believe that the Army would have to produce the body.
In other words, the people under the committee would have to be presented to the committee.
But as questions were asked that were, that were in violation of an executive order.
Then I felt that the witness had a right to issue a swing.
I related that, information to Mr. Beres.
The following day I believe we had our meeting and send the McCarthy's office of meeting Mr.
Senator Durston sent him on to my self and send him a copy.
Well, this whole question was the cup.
I might relate that to meeting and send him a copy of all this.
A lot of that time Mr. Beres also discussed with me that there have been a considerable
effort to even form on the part of Mr. Cohen to secure a perpetual freedom for Mr.
John.
I am confident from the information that Mr. Beres gave me that he wasn't too familiar with
the fact.
And he related those facts to me as a general knowledge rather than an effort to present to me in any way.
I'd also like to say that Mr. Beres, while a vote and good personal final mind,
as never used is friendship, use my friendship in any way to intercede on behalf of the Army
or anyone else.
The following day at the meeting and send him a copy of all this, we call we can stop.
The question of the charges that were brought up, my conversations with Mr.
Beres and the conversations the other tendons had with Mr. Adam concerning Mr.
Cohen and Mr. John.
I remember at that meeting I'm sure that the other senders presence will agree, will test
to this that I stated if the charges are true that Mr. Cohen didn't no longer serve the committee.
I also stated that if the charges were not true, a wave in justice has been gone and those
charges could also be removed from there, government's goal.
That's an effort because it relates to that incident.
The chairman would also like to test a pie on another aspect of this kind of working.
A document which has been referred to several times in the force of a carry known as a powder
letter.
I hope some mind that I'll replace this proper perspective.
I think it's well to say.
I was standing many times in the past.
This letter was written to the secretary of defense.
One of us came to my attention many, many times from Beres' attention, where the Army had documents,
documents, documents, and documents, the efforts on behalf of members of our staff to secure
perfect equipment for Mr. Shawn.
I had understood that this document will go to the news,
but news to be submitted to other members of the Congress.
The other members of Congress that I had knowledge of that were to receive this report,
happened to be members on the other side of the other members of the North.
I felt as a member of the majority,
remember the committee who has the responsibility,
who has the responsibility, who has the responsibility for our conduct,
where it would be not only desirable, but it would be necessary,
that the Republican members of the committee at least have the report as to the Democrat members.
That was the reason for my letter to the Secretary of Defense.
Mr. Chairman, I believe I have given all the pertin facts that I have pertinologist,
and I have been sending my home participation in the controversy.
However, there may be some other questions that the other members of the committee are comfortable
to ask to question me on and I'd be happy if you could see their questions.
Mr. Jenkins, I have no questions for that.
The Chair has none.
Senator McCollum, of course.
Senator Jackson.
Senator Dwightack.
Senator Timingson.
Mr. Welch.
Senator McCarthy.
Mr. Wendell.
I think in turn, if we summed it up,
it should be made clear now that the testimony over the past two weeks,
with a sometimes indicated of that,
the report was written because of letters from Senator Potter.
It is now clear that people are tracking this letter that your letter did not shut off the writing of this report.
You only asked for the report after you knew from a sizable number of courses.
A certain newsman had it.
A certain members of the Son of the House may have had it.
And the only reason you asked for the report was not to have the report written,
but to get the report because it was already being distributed.
I asked the report that the majority of our committees could have the luxury report,
before other members, the Congress and members of the press,
would give it off without our evidence.
And I asked this person,
just to let the situation be served up into the far-jerk concern.
When you asked for the report,
you had reasonably used a certain newsman had already been given the report,
and you were merely asking for what was already in existence.
Because the sender knows that it was all of common knowledge.
The bottom of that, before I wrote my letter,
does that keep the report existing?
And when we found that the report was 40-day-may,
it was going out to the members of Congress.
I thought that we had the duty to secure the report as well.
And I wanted to reason that after.
It was because my office had been kept busy answering letters about five-poher sets
that the report writing off, and I've been keeping half my staff busy explaining that you did not do it.
And I hope that this may suffer, so it will at least release my staff in part of their work.
I felt that these were serious charges that will make.
We should get to the floor to find out what the real charge is worth.
But then the committee could act,
and to see whether the charges were thorough or not,
and we would have gone away with all this hassle that we're now confronted with in this area.
Just one further question, Senator, in the last one.
You were present at the meeting in my office by the way,
from the 22nd or 23rd at the Colbert Gate.
And I think we all agreed that if the charges were true,
then of course my staff will guilty of misconduct.
No, there's a sender said that.
I think we all agreed to that.
Did I give the senators a rundown, a resume,
of the tremendous pressure that had been exerted upon me to try and get me to call off the hearings,
the threats that they would administer Adams, Mr. Stevens,
the issue reports charges against Mr. Cohn.
At that time they had mentioned Mr. Carrier, that of the National Thought of Parents Life.
At that time, as I recall, the emphasis of the strike that I told the senators of the fires,
I was concerned we couldn't see threatened and blackmail out of this investigation
because if we were, then we could be blackmail out of any investigation.
I think the senators all agreed with me pretty much to stay from the very end.
I will recall the sentence dated death.
First time I heard the term, Hustle Jews, that they just stayed there.
That time, that youthful, that the Army was moving by the China's Hustles,
in order to call off the investigation.
Well, man, man, say this is to keep the record clear and as far.
I think they were using private China, I think I made that clear last time,
to needle and heckle Roy Cohn.
The worst hostage was not my word, that was Mr. Adams's word.
I think I pointed out that the pressure on me, that nothing to do with Dave Syne,
the pressure on me was that I did not take steps to call off the hearing.
They would issue a report, charging Mr. Cohn with improper conduct,
report with the mayor of the committee.
In other words, I think it should have made sure the same that the pressure on Mr. Cohn
was a constant meddling with him about his friend Syne,
whom he got to come with a committee or worked for about a year for nothing.
The pressure on me, or the, I use the word blackmail,
advised that he was in connection with the threat,
so they would issue a report if we continue to the hearing.
Yes, Mr. Chairman.
Any other questions of Senator Potter?
Senator Potter, you are on the floor.
Thank you.
And I think the chair had agreed to recognize Senator Simon in to discuss this point of order.
I have to conclude, in the Senator Potter's testimony,
so you recognize the Senator Simon in for that purpose now.
I thank the chair.
Mr. Adams, have you the written director?
Is that you get bored with respect to why you cannot do this?
Also, I have not.
I do not succeed in getting it during the new hour.
When do you think you will have it?
I was present during the discussions in the new hour on the subject.
I think Mr. Welch can tell you more about it than I can, sir.
Mr. Chairman, did it proper for Mr. Welch to tell us about it?
I presume so.
Nobody objects why I'm comfortable with it.
My opening and principle, how it is, the new hour is just long,
and long enough that you will this kind of a favor, tick-bole,
on the chart from the faces that exist.
I cannot say more or less than this,
and that is the situation that exists this morning still continues.
That's that, the 230th of the Saturdays and the Senators.
And I'm Mr. Welch.
I'd like to ask you about what the law is, definitely to be free.
Do you believe that you're justified in not giving the Pennsylvania to the committee?
I am only relaying instructions that the Washington-Wethers may testify to,
and I would like to make it clear to you, Senator,
what we have on the discussion.
We have an discussion,
what you might call, intrasmural conferences,
of the executive department on the highest level.
And as of this form of this witness is instructed,
that he should not develop those conferences beyond the point
that he, to which he has all written, developed them in this room.
For all there is to use those.
These things were put in voluntarily by the witnesses.
As I'll remember it, somebody asked him if he was second into man,
and he said, I believe he was 30 seconds.
And I know what point is kept to the high level, or middle level, or low level.
I'd like to ask you at the meeting that you had today,
was there any discussion of an executive order or a decree that was justified
a position that you have allowed your counsel to take?
There was not time for every client to ask you to meet me.
Any serious discussion, but the answer to your question is to an executive order,
the answer is in the negative.
I'll be sharing your thinking to a logical conclusion.
Does it mean that a chairman of this committee could refuse to discuss parts of conversations
that he'd had with members of his staff which were unfavorable,
and just give this committee parts of conversations which might be good for his court?
But I have that right, please.
I'll read it again, I'll shorten it for you.
Trying to discuss some conclusions.
Does it mean that a chairman of the committee could refuse to discuss parts of conversations
that he'd had with members of his staff which were unfavorable to him the chairman
and just give excerpts which might be good for his cause?
Well, if I have to answer that, that would seem to be very unfair.
Sir, Senator, could I say this to you?
I am at the moment a bearer of messages.
I am not a formulator of policies or executive rulings or orders or directives.
And as of this moment, a discussion between you and me, I think will not be productive.
I have said once before in this room that I am used to being a trial lawyer and developing facts in the court room,
but this area, if you don't mind, I'm saying it's rendered and it seems to me a little beyond my depth.
Mr. Welchip is beyond your depth.
Figure out how far it is beyond my depth.
I must say that regardless of whether we've had trial or experience or not,
I think what we're all interested in here is to get the truth, the perspective, these conversations.
Now, Mr. Chairman, could I say, when I have some presidential director of the law
that allows the witness to refuse to give the chairman and the committee
the details of a conversation among people which he voluntarily put into the record?
I would respectfully request the chairman to instruct him to give those details.
Mr. Chairman, could I say one more word in the senator?
In respect of what you said a moment ago about my relation to you,
it is not possible for us that you could be as much of an amateur as I am.
I am the world's leading amateur, I should say, in this field.
As is the second point of ordering the witness to answer,
we're towards the end of an adjournment when the weekend is coming up.
And I should say that with more time before the position in respect of this witness
should be susceptible of clarification at the hands of people, wiser than Welchip.
So if you don't, if the senator would not mind passing the thing for the moment
that we have a weekend coming up and on Monday morning it would seem to be entirely proper for you to press that.
I would sound as the courtesy if he didn't press it now, but I have only the right to say please.
Mr. Chairman, I am beginning to fall for Mr. Welch too.
Very well, Mr. President, till Monday morning, does an agreement to say Mr. Welch has done his time.
Before the question you, Mr. Adams, again,
is why we have the opportunity to return to our studio to cross the country to permit our safety to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
An important message from Senator Smatters about the Miami Dory.
This picture ably shows what a two courageous citizens, honest politicians and just alert police agencies can do
to rid their cities of ganglands in Troy.
See the Miami Dory now at the time on Twitter, on Twitter.
Modern House fatality calls for light refreshments, auto-peckty by the Carpennotase and the Dorgas, refreshed without filling.
A full-sea lift will be advanced.
Son on the call means like you said, why others should be accused of investigating in this area?
For, if any matter relevant to developing the whole facts and truth is being withheld by someone else,
or this witness is being instructed to withhold that information from this committee,
I shall infest Mr. Cameron, that those witnesses be subpoenaed and bought here to tell what they know about it.
I say that before.
As I have repeated often, for me these charges are serious.
And that there was someone higher than Mr. Adams and Mr. Stevens.
That was directing their actions and if their actions are found to be wrong, this committee has a right to know.
Even from the high level, what transpires?
The calls, if the allegation is true, staff members of this committee and the chairman to be smeared, if that is true,
we have a right to know who is invited and who advised and counseled that as he done.
On the other hand, Mr. Stevens, if the charges are true, that this army was being pressured and threatened and intimidated in court,
in to take in the action or the attempted action, the security attempted action,
or the favorable assignment for the party involved and would be entrusted with hearings to put the army in a bad light,
drive the secretary out of office, direct the army in the nature of the war against the army,
then we entitled and all that and so far as I'm concerned, unless something can be shown to me some law.
I don't know there's an executive order will suffice in my case.
I'll ask the president of the United States to come, but ask who others who participated in it.
Mr. Chairman, I think they are focused witnesses if their testimony is relevant to any issue,
but it's now before this committee.
Mr. Roosevelt, Senator Simonton, do you point out?
Is it my understanding from Mr. Wells or Mr. Adam that we will not pursue this subject this afternoon,
which incidentally, is perhaps the most important conference of all because it's far as much if not most of all,
this business started.
Is it my understanding that we will not pursue this matter this afternoon with the definite understanding
that the position of whoever gave the order to Mr. Adam will be furnished and writing to the committee on Monday morning?
I think it's fair to say that.
There just wasn't time that that's lunch to do things.
I just want to make the right of straight-off.
I think that, Mr. Adam.
Very well, Mr. Chair, so just now we proceed to a little bit out of order to the Chair's strangers,
listen from his colleagues, support enough.
Could I move out of order all these statements which can slow down the hearings in some time,
but the Chair recognizes that the United States Senate,
Chair of the Presiding Officer, doesn't have the authority to adjust.
Could I say one more word?
Chair, the point is, I think so.
I don't want Senator Simonton to overestimate my authority or power.
It seems to be normal to expect a written communication.
If someone were to say no and all one is going to be at I can't control that,
that my own deal is, sir, just that of an individual trial lawyer.
It's not unreasonable to hold for a written statement.
From Mr. Chairman, with all great difference to Mr. Welton,
to the Chairman, we have a long mishearing.
In this discussion, we've said a pass over the order,
which they said they'd get to say it the noon.
Why then, we wouldn't have any discussion.
We're speaking in order, Mr. Welton.
I think the clock had gotten around to you to interrogate Mr. Adam.
If you have questions just at this time.
I'm Mr. Simpler.
I think nothing at this pass.
Senator McCarthy or Mr. Combe.
You have 10 minutes.
Just a few questions.
Anybody feel any of them?
Mr. Adams, I've been listening to your testimony.
I have been especially interested in the threats that Mr. Combe made to you.
Do I understand the threats consistent of threats to try and continue the investigation of Combe?
No, I don't think he ever made a threat that he would try and continue the investigation of Combe.
Senator McCarthy, I don't think he ever said that.
Or any of the threats will fail.
Well, as I have testified, it seemed to me that the culmination of the threats was the...
People are...
I say it seemed to me that the culmination of the threats was the...
...law of the board of the Navy.
But you've decided to describe the threats that Mr. Combe prepared to do.
It seemed to me, Senator McCarthy, that the culmination of the threats was the law of the board of the Navy.
Now, Mr. Adams, before the investigation of Combe and the Central Traitling Army as you know,
where you conducted an investigation of Combe and the Central Traitling the government printing off.
During that investigation, I state many numbers of times as I did during the investigation.
I wonder if the target was one side of this little bit of the S-place.
During the investigation of Combe and the Central Traitling the government printing off,
I state many numbers of times as I did and you were there during the investigation of Combe and the Central Traitling the Army.
While it was important to find the individual coming,
although it was picked them up by the staff, but they were in the way to get them out of the secret positions,
it was infinitely more important to find out who allows them to continue on in secret work.
Now, let me ask you this.
Were you not present any number of times when I made these states
that we would ultimately have to call the loyalty board as the old,
loyalty screening board and find out who was responsible for ordering return to secret radar work,
a man with long communist records?
Yes, I heard you made those statements.
And that was long before any arguments that you and Mr. Cohen had with them.
Yes, sir, and usually I have conversations with Mr. Cohen and Mr. Car,
so the coincidences that were marked with the orders of the usually they were indicated to me
that they were sure that the matter would not become issues.
So, so that the, when you said a culmination with Mr. Cohen,
the stress was that the man with the call of loyalty board?
It seems so.
We know a minute.
We now know, don't we, that I made the statements, these are all a matter of record, just see.
So I made the statements long before any arguments.
The news Mr. Cohen, that we would have to call the loyalty board.
You made that statement yesterday.
So the then, that statement was not the result of an argument with the news right before?
You mean that, all the data on the road?
Yes.